README.md, before:

# Checkers game 
An implementation of checkers using the [pygame](https://github.com/pygame/pygame) library. In progress...

## Installation
In a new conda environment, run the following command: ```pip install -r requirements.txt```.

## Instructions for use.
To launch a game run the following command: ```python main.py```. The main game logic is handled in ```src/checkers_game.py```.

## TO DO CHECKLIST

Urgent: refactor checking if move is valid (pieces.py) and if it's a normal/take move (checkers_game.py)... redundancies in code logic currently. First check if
y-coordinate is valid, then if angle is *close* to zero, i.e. between mouse position and current point, then num_squares to shift in y (and x) axes.

1. make dedicated conda environment and install pygame (DONE)
2. how to make/display board (DONE)
3. how to add in movable pieces? (pieces added; make this code block more efficient and add in movability); pieces moving, can make more efficient later
4. update board based on moves made (DONE)
5. how to check and only allow valid moves? Need to enforce that moves alternate. (DONE)
6. add in take opposing piece moves
7. add in make piece a king plus king functionalities.
8. display short messages for inavlid moves, game progress, etc.?
9. what unit tests to perform? 
10. add in logging to track different game instances.

Commit message:

big changes to game logic, making use of mouse tracking

README.md, after:

# Checkers game 
An implementation of checkers using the [pygame](https://github.com/pygame/pygame) library. In progress...

## Installation
In a new conda environment, run the following command: ```pip install -r requirements.txt```.

## Instructions for use.
To launch a game run the following command: ```python main.py```. The main game logic is handled in ```src/checkers_game.py```.

## TO DO CHECKLIST

Progress on multiple-jump take moves by utilising mouse tracking... Next:
1. angle tracking for valid moves; what range should it fall within for each team?
2. Updating position of moving piece for multiple-jump move?

1. make dedicated conda environment and install pygame (DONE)
2. how to make/display board (DONE)
3. how to add in movable pieces? (pieces added; make this code block more efficient and add in movability); pieces moving, can make more efficient later
4. update board based on moves made (DONE)
5. how to check and only allow valid moves? Need to enforce that moves alternate. (DONE)
6. add in take opposing piece moves
7. add in make piece a king plus king functionalities.
8. display short messages for inavlid moves, game progress, etc.?
9. what unit tests to perform? 
10. add in logging to track different game instances.
